Update osu!taiko changes in the recent pp/sr news post (#12399)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2024/2024-10-28-performance-points-star-rating-updates.md

The previous system made to assess the stamina requirement for maps assumed two fingers per colour, leading to some impressive plays by players like [Ney](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5991961) on [Mind Vortex - Alive](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/1873110816) and others on [DJ Sharpnel - StrangeProgram](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/5774#taiko/28065) becoming notorious for yielding high-pp scores.

> The [new system](https://github.com/ppy/osu/pull/20558) by [vun](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6932501) introduces variable finger counts for stamina assessment. colour patterns that last more than 300 ms without a colour change are now considered to have four fingers available. This adjustment significantly nerfs certain maps and converts. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [new system](https://github.com/ppy/osu/pull/20558) by [vun](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6932501) introduces variable finger counts for stamina assessment. Patterns that last more than 300 ms without a colour change are now considered to have four fingers available. This adjustment significantly nerfs certain maps and converts.
```
seems like a typo, I think is what was meant?

> To further combat TL-Tappong specific mapsets, a change by [Natelytle](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/17607667) introduces a new penalty factor that shows how much of a map's difficulty comes purely from single-hand (mono) patterns. For example, DJ Sharpnel - StrangeProgram has a factor of 99%, meaning 99% of its challenge is due to high-BPM, mono patterns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To further combat maps where TL-tapping is most effective, a change by [Natelytle](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/17607667) introduces a new penalty factor that shows how much of a map's difficulty comes purely from mono-colour patterns. For example, StrangeProgram has a factor of 99%, meaning 99% of its challenge is due to high-BPM mono patterns.
```
maybe? 
- a map shouldnt be defined by what strategy works best to play it (so not "TL-tapping specific" imo)
- strangeprogram artist not necessary since it's mentioned above and just reads poorly
- "mono-colour" is easy enough to understand even for not taiko player

> **In response to negative feedback regarding the removal of the convert-specific nerfs. these have been reinstated.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**In response to negative feedback regarding the removal of convert-specific nerfs, they have been reinstated.**
```

> ### Balancing Changes to performance calculation

Reviewer: this header seems better with no change, previous version was more descriptive

Author: agree. i changed it to include the EZ nerf but need to change it in statistical accuracy section.

The previous system made to assess the stamina requirement for maps assumed two fingers per colour, leading to some impressive plays by players like [Ney](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5991961) on [Mind Vortex - Alive](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/1873110816) and others on [DJ Sharpnel - StrangeProgram](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/5774#taiko/28065) becoming notorious for yielding high-pp scores.

The [new system](https://github.com/ppy/osu/pull/20558) by [vun](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6932501) introduces variable finger counts for stamina assessment. Patterns that last more than 300 ms without a colour change are now considered to have four fingers available. This adjustment significantly nerfs certain maps and converts.

> To further combat maps where TL-tapping is most effective, a change by [Natelytle](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/17607667) introduces a new penalty factor that shows how much of a map's difficulty comes purely from mono-colour patterns. For example, StrangeProgram has a factor of 99%, meaning 99% of its challenge is due to high-BPM mono patterns.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To further combat maps where TL-tapping is most effective, a change by [Natelytle](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/17607667) introduces a new penalty factor that shows how much of a map's difficulty comes purely from mono-colour patterns. For example, *StrangeProgram* has a factor of 99%, meaning 99% of its challenge is due to high-BPM mono patterns.
```

**In response to negative feedback regarding the removal of convert-specific nerfs, they have been reinstated.**

> ### Balancing Changes to performance calculation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Balancing changes to performance calculation
```

On the performance points side, a change by [-Lawtron-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11475208) addresses the bonus applied to memorisation mods on shorter maps. The length of the map will no longer affect the base multiplier in the accuracy component of the performance points system. However, the cap for HDFL (Hidden + Flashlight) bonuses has been increased to 1.1x for qualifying plays. 

Previously, a map with just one object could receive the same bonus as a map with 1,000 objects when using HDFL, which led to disproportionate rewards for shorter, simpler maps.

> In addition to these changes, a harsher penalty has been applied to the Easy mod in order to further its impact on difficulty pp. Alongside statistical accuracy (explained below) maps played with Easy will reflect their difficulty reduction more significantly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition to these changes, a harsher penalty has been applied to the Easy mod in order to further its impact on difficulty pp. Alongside statistical accuracy (explained below), maps played with Easy will reflect their difficulty reduction more significantly.
```

The current way accuracy scaling works in osu!taiko is very simple. It takes the decimal accuracy of the score, raises it to the power of 15, and multiplies the result by a constant determined by the overall difficulty. The problem with this is that if you keep the spread of your hit timings (also known as UR) the same, your accuracy does not decrease at a constant rate as you increase the overall difficulty.

> The consequence of this is that if you take the same score and increase the overall difficulty on it, eventually you will reach a point where the accuracy drops off faster than the constant bonus for OD increases. This means the exact same score can *lose* pp if the overall difficulty is too high. The Easy mod also is given a significantly harsher penalty.

Reviewer: Easy mod seems completely unrelated to the rest of the paragraph if I'm understanding it right

Author: fixed.
